Once you have defined a set of pointers to build
your interpolation, you can apply it to any series of
your choice.
You can inspect the previously defined interpolation by pressing Ctrl
D.
Next, select the interpolation — referred to as the age
model in paleoclimatology — and choose the series to be
interpolated.
Then select Apply Interpolation, depending on the method you want
to use.
A confirmation dialog appears.
The interpolation is shown in red, and the series to
which it will be applied are highlighted in green.
The interpolated series appear below the original ones.
Let’s inspect one interpolated series with Display Single or Ctrl
D.
You can see the new axis at the bottom, while
the original axis remains at the top, now distorted.
Note that the zoom function applies simultaneously to both axes
The worksheet appears with an asterisk, indicating that it has
been modified.
Press Ctrl S to save it.
In the next step, we will see how to display
multiple series together.